Add Besu Plugin information (#142)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/Concepts/Plugins.md

description: Plugins
<!--- END of page meta data -->

# Plugins

You can extend Hyperledger Besu functionality by building Java plugins. The
Plugin API allows you to take data from any Besu network, public or

> permissioned, and feed it into an application or system. 

Reviewer: The Plugin API allows you to -> Use the Plugin API 

Suggested edit to make active

Author: Done.

For example, a plugin can add additional monitoring functionality or stream

> event data to a third-party application. The API exposes data about the

Reviewer: For example, a plugin can add additional  -> For example, create a plugin to add additional 

Suggested edit to make active

Author: Done.

following components:

* Blocks
* Balances
* Transactions
* Smart contracts
* Execution results
* Logs 
* Syncing state

![Besu Plugin API](../images/Hyperledger-Besu-Plugin-API.png)

The Plugin API provides access to [interfaces](../Reference/Plugin-API-Interfaces.md) that allow you to build
the plugin.

!!! tip
    View the [Plugin API webinar](https://youtu.be/78sa2WuA1rg) for an example of how to build a plugin.

## Install Plugins

The plugin (`.jar`) must be copied to the `plugins` directory to allow Besu 
access and use the plugin.

!!! important
    If not already present, the `plugins` directory must be created one directory

>     level below (`../`) the besu executable.

Reviewer: besu executable -> `besu` executable 

Without the code style I wondered why besu wasn't Besu

Author: Done.

Each plugin in the directory has the following lifecycle events:

* **Register** - Executed when Besu starts. Besu checks plugin compatibility and registers plugins.
* **Start** - Plugins are started after being successfully registered.
* **Stop** - Plugins are stopped by Besu.

!!! note

>     Besu does not guarantee the order of the lifecycle events. 

Reviewer 2: We do guarantee register->start->stop, just not which plugin goes first.
```suggestion
    Besu does not guarantee the order plugins will be called during lifecycle events.
```

Author: Done.
